update with tip on viewing exit code (#1408)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/cli-reference-oss.md

- **13**: The API key is invalid.
- **14**: Semgrep scan failed.

:::tip

> To view the exit code when running `semgrep scan`, enter the following command immediately after the Semgrep scan has finished:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the exit code when running `semgrep scan`, enter the following command immediately after the scan finishes:
```
